BlockSource: http://www.rsssfbrasil.com/tablesfq/mg1924.htm

Minas Gerais 1924


First Stage
 
Jun 22
; América; 2-1; Palestra Itália
 
Jul 06
; América ; -;  Sete de Setembro (unknown result)

América was champions in the 1st and 2nd teams (1st Stage), as recorded in the Minutes Book of LMDT (Minas Gerais League).
O América foi campeão no 1ºe no 2ºquadros, conforme consta no Livro de Atas da LMDT.
 
Sep 11
; América; 4-2; Yale
 
Oct 12
; América; 3-0; Palmeiras
 
Second Stage

O returno foi disputado por apenas 4 clubes, uma vez que o Palmeiras fôra eliminado.
Second Stage were played by just four clubs, Palmeiras has been eliminated.
 
Dec 07
; América; 8-0; Sete de Setembro
 
Dec 14
; América ; -;  Yale (Unknown result)

América was champions in the 1st and 2nd teams (2nd Stage), as recorded in the Minutes Book of LMDT (Minas Gerais League).
O América foi campeão no 1ºe no 2ºquadros, conforme consta no Livro de Atas da LMDT.

 
Dec 21
; América; O-W; Palestra

Como já era campeão no primeiro e segundo quadros, o América entregou os pontos nas duas categorias.
As América was already champions in the first and second teams, America gave the points in both categories.
 

Jogadores campeões - 1º Time (Players champions - Team A):

Salim Suaid, Antonio Hermeto, José de Souza, Paulo Cavalcanti, Carlos Quadro, Celso Mascarenhas, 
Geraldino de Carvalho, Bolivar Moreira de Abreu, Adelmar Frade, Osvaldo Guimarães, Carlos Brandão, Porphirio Taboada,
Saint'Clair Valadares,José Ribeiro da Luz, Satyro Taboada, Francisco Leite Junior, 
Cristiano de Souza e Gabriel Pinto de Aguiar.
 
Fonte (Source): Revista América - O Deca-Campeão (Publicação Raymar Editores S.A. - 1971)


Champions: América

*Source: Almanaque do Cruzeiro (Henrique Ribeiro) and Revista América
*Prepared and maintained by Marcos Antônio Henriques Pinheiro and Alexandre Berwanger for the Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation and RSSSF Brazil
*Authors: Marcos Antônio Henriques Pinheiro (marcos.pinheiro@bcb.gov.br) and Alexandre Berwanger (mailto:ambberwanger@yahoo.com.br)
*Last updated: 01 Mar 2011
*(C) Copyright Marcos Antônio Henriques Pinheiro, Alexandre Berwanger, RSSSF and RSSSF Brazil 2011
*You are free to copy this document in whole or part provided that proper acknowledgement is given to the author. All rights reserved.